Items from Jeffrey Yasskin's review (#397)
oauth-wg/oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt: draft-ietf-oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt.md

If the Issuer wants to enable Key Binding, it includes a public key
associated with the Holder, or a reference thereto.

> The `jwk` member of the `cnf` claim as defined in Section 3.2 of [@!RFC7800] is
> RECOMMENDED for doing so, however, other means MAY be used.

Reviewer: as Brian said [here](https://github.com/oauth-wg/oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt/issues/389#issuecomment-1858648845)

> This draft intentionally doesn't prescribe how keys are distributed, identified, selected, trusted, etc. any more than JWT/JWS do (e.g. https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7515#section-6, https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7515#appendix-D, etc) so I think this is redundant and using `cnf` in examples is sufficient.

```suggestion
```

Author: I believe this is a useful area to provide a little more guidance that was previously lacking.

Author: The text with that guidance has been changed to not use rfc2119 uppercase key words.

> The `jwk` member of the `cnf` claim as defined in Section 3.2 of [@!RFC7800] is
> RECOMMENDED for doing so, however, other means MAY be used.

Author: ```suggestion
The `jwk` member of the `cnf` claim as defined in Section 3.2 of [@!RFC7800] is
suggested for doing so, however, other means can be used.
```

It is out of the scope of this document to describe how the Holder key pair is
established. For example, the Holder MAY create a key pair and provide a public key to the Issuer,
the Issuer MAY create the key pair for the Holder, or
Holder and Issuer MAY use pre-established key material.

> Note: The examples throughout this document use the `cnf` claim to include

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The examples throughout this document use the `cnf` claim ([@RFC7800]) to include
```
was there anything wrong with referencing RFC7800..?

Author: "fine"

   [[ To be removed from the final specification ]]

   -08

* Make RFCs 0020 and 7515 normative references
* Be a bit more prescriptive in suggesting RFC7800 cnf/jwk be used to convey the Key Binding key

> * Editorial changes aimed at improved clarity

Reviewer 2: This looks like it needs more indentation.

Author: The resultant output is okay https://drafts.oauth.net/oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt/yasskin-asking/draft-ietf-oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt.html#name-document-history

Reviewer 2: I didn't expect that, but in that case this is not an issue, thanks!
